Welcome to the audio tutorial.
In this section, we will discuss HTML5 features.
Feel free to ask questions at any time.
Let's dive into the details of audio and video elements.
HTML5 introduces new semantic elements.
These elements help structure your web pages better.
For example, the  and  tags.
Now, let's look at the  element.
The  element allows you to embed sound content.
You can control playback using JavaScript.
Next, we will explore the  element.
The  element works similarly to the  element.
It allows you to embed video content.
You can also control video playback using JavaScript.
Let's move on to some advanced features.
HTML5 supports offline web applications.
This is achieved using the Application Cache.
You can specify resources to cache in a manifest file.
This allows your web app to work without an internet connection.
Thank you for watching this tutorial.